what uh transformer fans this is Sean
long and transformers matrix being in
there transformers mighty Mikes review
this time of the Transformers Mighty
Muggs
all about Joe's and shock wood so these
guys just like the movie Optimus Prime
and Bumblebee or wait for you the Mighty
Muggs and they're going back to the g1
characters and let's look at Schalke
wafers now shockwave course has is
iconic one eye Cyclops look it has
pretty good detail as little horns would
be here kind of find a funny odd jaws
has his horns but shockwave dozen but oh
well so very nice and it's got is nice
to set the consum bow right there I mean
one hand he's got his regular robot hand
the other yes is iconic Canon arm which
also has to being the tubing is a little
like soft plastic memory but it's still
very nice and also very nice tight say I
do they did for him so I thought that
was very cool jazz has the g1 bumblebee
hand with the little horns this guy's
cool adviser looking very cool you know
just like the movie bumblebee has the
little wings and I back here it shows
his little visor which can see here it
says agent Meister which is a nod to the
original g1 toy animal a of what his
name is and Japan on the front he has
his number four and the Autobot symbol
and the lights and he just has some
great detail with a little tires right
there and he's definitely probably my
favorite out of the way for articulation
just like all the Mighty Muggs jazz and
chocolate he said rotate 360 degrees and
our arms go up and down accessories
shockwave
I guess is can alarm is an accessory but
jaws actually comes with an accessory he
comes with his little blaster that has
some little paint apps on it with your
eyes are pretty nice for mining Mike
standards and that's very Vanessa vis
little g1 toy again of course I'm a very
nice mining Mike packaging we got all
the pod jaws here transformers universe
mining mines which shockwave here
awesomeness is the rights of all
sentient beings with all the other g1 my
team
you can see here oh no it's jazz away
Boris that shocked jazz Decepticons will
destroy all other BOTS and all music on
the planet Earth
no one will be free oh hell no no one
misses my tunes you the jazz man needs
his tp'ing you size comparison time so
here you can see g1 jazz and shockwave
you're the same size as my name is
Optimus Prime
I also the same size it's not a little
bit bigger than then movie deluxe jazz
now we get four cool figures from this
wave of Mighty Muggs and if you're into
the g1 characters and jazz in shockwave
are definitely worth picking up I say
jaws has to be the best one since he's
the only one that comes with an actual
accessory plus with his cooler wings and
little horns but chocolate is also cool
as little tubing gun and Rangers logo so
cute I definitely recommend both of them
at ti2 you're mining my collection
hope you guys enjoy my review stay tuned
for more trans Homer uses clothes oh my
god that was so freakin cool how'd you
do that
t-man he won this - music